[Music]
Oh
all of this but you know will exaggerate
this by pulling will pull install it
that way so even as you you're twisting
who you already do it in a forward
motion yeah yeah yes so we'll be out
like this and forward but it will and
not so low that it's like close to skin
or anything like that but it will taper
down this way it'll crop and like bevel
around this way but not low per se I
know I mean just really like aggressive
sweetie
I'm married do you want me pick the
roots a bit yeah especially especially
like back here and we can stop the front
that I'm not really going to cut
anything from there just really here to
round a little bit and this is way too
Seabreeze Wow easy
you
Oh
[Music]
my desires
over to y'all
[Music]
we got right here in my hand right
like it's just I think sounds like
amazing
so if we're all together on the
partnership into the merits and we just
practice Irie key positions in the no
man's leg
we're just gonna always double-check
that make sure it's flat every time you
sit down every time you stand up come on
you know four tabs
yeah system this isn't adjustment you're
making system
we gave up collections
Hey